Psalm 116 I love the Lord because he has
heard my voice and my supplications
because he has inclined his ear to me
therefore I will call upon him as long
as I live the pains of death surrounded
me and the pangs of Sheol
laid hold of me I found trouble and
sorrow then I called upon the name of
the Lord O Lord I implore you deliver my
soul gracious is the Lord and righteous
yes our God is merciful Lord preserves
the simple I was brought low and he
saved me
return to your rest o my soul for the
Lord has dealt bountifully with you for
you have delivered my soul from death my
eyes from tears and my feet from falling
I will walk before the Lord in the land
of the living
I believed therefore I spoke I am
greatly afflicted I said in my haste all
men are liars what shall i render to the
Lord for all his benefits toward me I
will take up the cup of salvation and
call upon the name of the Lord I will
pay my vows to the Lord now in the
presence of all his people precious in
the sight of the Lord is the death of
his Saints Oh Lord truly I am your
servant I am your servant the son of
your maidservant you have loosed my
bonds I will offer to you the sacrifice
of Thanksgiving and will call upon the
name of the Lord I will pay my vows to
the Lord now in the presence of all his
people in the courts of the Lord's house
in the midst of you O Jerusalem praise
the Lord